README.md, before:

# Nyx's dootfiles v2.0

Obligatory dotfiles repo containing the config files I use in most on most of
my machines.  Mostly uploaded them here because github is a convenient site I
am garunteed to be able to access pretty much everywhere at any time, but you
might find them useful as reference material.  Yes, the terminus font is
broken.

Programs these config files relate to or require:

 program  | purpose
--------- | --------
 urxvt    | Preferred terminal emulator
 vim      | Default text editor
 tmux     | Terminal multiplexer
 xset     | Used to add our fonts
 xrdb     | Used to load Xresources file
 compton  | Compositor - adds shadows, window animations, and other visual goodies
 awesome  | Window manager this theme uses
 lain     | Extra library for awesome, adds more widgets and layouts.
 gdb      | Debugger (BEST ONE)
 rtorrent | Tool for downloading linux distros
 radare2  | Reverse engineering framework
 ranger   | Text-based file manager

## Installation

Install assumes that dotfiles are located in $HOME/.dotfiles.  Please check
config directories for specific expectations and installation instructions.
I'll probably make a script to automate this at some point (NOTE TO FUTURE
ME: make a bash script per directory that handles install, removal, etc)

## Important notes

CAPS_LOCK is rebound in this theme to super.  If you are a frequent user of the
cruise control for cool, I apologise.

Commit message:

Experimentally moving to bspwm, lets see how this goes.

README.md, after:

# Nyx's dootfiles v2.0

Obligatory dotfiles repo containing the config files I use in most on most of
my machines.  Mostly uploaded them here because github is a convenient site I
am garunteed to be able to access pretty much everywhere at any time, but you
might find them useful as reference material.  Yes, the terminus font is
broken.

Programs these config files relate to or require:

 program  | purpose
--------- | --------
 urxvt    | Preferred terminal emulator
 vim      | Default text editor
 tmux     | Terminal multiplexer
 xset     | Used to add our fonts
 xrdb     | Used to load Xresources file
 compton  | Compositor - adds shadows, window animations, and other visual goodies
 gdb      | Debugger (BEST ONE)
 rtorrent | Tool for downloading linux distros
 radare2  | Reverse engineering framework
 ranger   | Text-based file manager
 bspwm    | Window manager we use
 sxhkd    | Tool that comes with bspwm, sometimes must be installed manually

## Installation

Install assumes that dotfiles are located in $HOME/.dotfiles.  Please check
config directories for specific expectations and installation instructions.
I'll probably make a script to automate this at some point (NOTE TO FUTURE
ME: make a bash script per directory that handles install, removal, etc).
